# A Special backhanded thanks:
To Hakita. Your discord deserves trolls because you are a pathetic noided admin for very few if any good reasons, whom routinely permabans friends of mine for imagined slights against you, and rules so incredibly vague you can break them with a sneeze.

On the other hand Hakita, I love your work, and your game Ultrakill SO GOD DAMN MUCH, that even when you banned me for ping-quoting people and not taking warns for it seriously in a pre-Reply-function age of discord, I still bought 5 of my friends ultrakill, and bought your game myself even though I couldve kept braving the high seas in response. 

## Why do i make a fuss about it even though it was a year ago? 
When im wondering why the bar was so low to get banned, and asking Rayka what happened, he tells me YOU thought that just because I made fun of how stupid it was to penalize ping quoting meant I was suddenly going to "start posting gore and edgy racial stuff next". And that is deserving of shame and what solidifies my UNDESIRE to rejoin the guild even with an alt & VPN. 

I want nothing else in the world other than Hakita to continue the most legendary FPS experience we will ever play, and to do it in a place where his moderator stench doesn't get on me. In regards to the "muh mental health" predictable excuse even YanDev uses when asked why hes such a dickish admin, maybe you should look in the mirror and identify that source of stress. After doing so, transfer all administrative power to a nonpartisan triumverate and set the server to mute so you dont worry about it. Feeling the need to be a streetcleaner is only going to make you see more toxicity in every nook and crack in need of purging, but it ends with your world in smoldering ruin. Thats literally whats happening hakita. Maybe some douche posted gore a couple years ago in your server, and you are so goddamn noided of it happening again, you offer the same punishment as the goreposter to anyone else you THINK is malicious who achieve nothing near that weight of offense. Discord should in no way interfere with your development workflow but YOU are incharge of how it effects you. And so far you have chosen the cyle of banning miniscule slights which makes you enemies, proves to people your buttons are easily pushed, people make a game out of it, and you ban them too. Repeat ad nausium without rincing as you may, but only you can break that cycle by growing a thicker skin.

Take heed. While I and many others should kneel before you for developing the greatest FPS of a generation, you should be on YOUR knees thanking me for giving you the kind of advice your father probably wasnt around to deliver himself.
I hope you emerge from your cocoon as a stronger man who can discuss disputes and drive a pursuasive argument to someone. And without the safteynet of a mute/block/ban/kick button granted to you by a sanctum you control.

By having this Git public, I leave the open possibility of people disagreeing with me. The possibility of easily finding this tangent rant. The risk of its deletion, the sabotage of code. Edits. Scathing Feedback. Bad PR for sure. My reputation with friends. Me going in cringe compilations. A Captioned touch grass meme. Everything.

Its a great risk, but you know what? If someone wants to let me know Im in the wrong. We will have a conversation. Unlike you, even though I have the power to silence anyone who attacks my beliefs, my arguments, this project, and ideas, I wont use said power on them. I will use my words. And that is the biggest takeaway from all of this, Hakita. Just like you. I can choose how this outcome effects my mental health. I can break my feedback loop by accepting strong critiques, and letting others know that simple sassy comebacks wont sway me. Can you do that?

### Above all else
your ability to bring joy to my heart in the form of Ultrakill inspired me to commission these scripts in homage to you. Fuck you. I love you. Unlike YanDev you are a sheltered individual actually capable of putting out the best banger I have ever layed hands on. The best banger ANYONE has layed hands on. And everyone who loved working on these E2s also has you to thank.

